Linux TLS security updates (#21753)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/host-and-deploy/linux-apache.md

**Configure the reverse proxy for secure (HTTPS) client connections**

> [!WARNING]

> > The security configuration in this section is a general configuration to be used as a starting point for further customization. It's impossible for us to provide an exact robust security specification that applies to all scenarios. The exact security configuration for Apache servers is the responsibility of the developer and their organization. We're unable to provide support for third-party tooling, servers, and operating systems. *Use the configuration in this section at your own risk.*

Reviewer: 👍🏾

Reviewer 2: How much of this could be replaced with "See (link to Apache docs) for an authoritative source."?

Author: That's not a really **_ScArY_** warning tho 💀. I recommend something strong, but give me your NOTE text otherwise or approve of that line only :point_up:, @shirhatti.

Author: @Tratcher ... You attached your remark to a single line ... did you mean **_ALL of the BITS here?_** If so ... yeah ... I could refactor the whole thing to cross-link, including to the [mozilla configuration tool](https://ssl-config.mozilla.org/) . @shirhatti ... what do you think of doing that?

Reviewer 2: Scary makes sense. The responsibility comments seem redundant. How about:
```suggestion
> The security configuration in this section is a general configuration to be used as a starting point for further customization. We're unable to provide support for third-party tooling, servers, and operating systems. *Use the configuration in this section at your own risk.* See (link to Apache docs) for an authoritative source.
```

Author: Ok ... if we don't cross-link for the whole scenario, I'll make that update on Tuesday morning.

Reviewer 2: I was only talking about this line. Having a simple copy-paste example in our docs helps with discoverability, but it's good to acknowledge we won't cover everything and where they should look for more.

> [!NOTE]
> For development environments where the server configuration handles secure redirection instead of HTTPS Redirection Middleware, we recommend using temporary redirects (302) rather than permanent redirects (301). Link caching can cause unstable behavior in development environments.

Adding a `Strict-Transport-Security` (HSTS) header ensures all subsequent requests made by the client are over HTTPS. For guidance on setting the `Strict-Transport-Security` header, see <xref:security/enforcing-ssl#http-strict-transport-security-protocol-hsts>.

```
<VirtualHost *:*>
    RequestHeader set "X-Forwarded-Proto" expr=%{REQUEST_SCHEME}
</VirtualHost>

<VirtualHost *:443>
    Protocols             h2 http/1.1
    ProxyPreserveHost     On
    ProxyPass             / http://127.0.0.1:5000/
    ProxyPassReverse      / http://127.0.0.1:5000/
    ErrorLog              /var/log/httpd/helloapp-error.log
    CustomLog             /var/log/httpd/helloapp-access.log common
    SSLEngine             on
    SSLProtocol           all -SSLv3 -TLSv1 -TLSv1.1
    SSLHonorCipherOrder   off
    SSLCompression        off
    SSLSessionTickets     on

>     SSLUseStapling        off

Reviewer 3: Should we note why it's off here? And point to instructions in the apache docs on how to turn it on?

<VirtualHost *:80>
    RewriteEngine On
    RewriteCond   %{HTTPS} !=on

>     RewriteRule   ^(.*)$ https://%{HTTP_HOST}$1 [R=301,L]

Reviewer: We should probably add a warning about not using 301 redirects in local/test environments given that browsers cache it.

Reviewer 3: Again, why not leave this to the backend middleware? We check for localhost and dev environments.

</VirtualHost>

<VirtualHost *:443>
    Protocols             h2 http/1.1
    ProxyPreserveHost     On
    ProxyPass             / http://127.0.0.1:5000/
    ProxyPassReverse      / http://127.0.0.1:5000/
    ErrorLog              /var/log/httpd/helloapp-error.log
    CustomLog             /var/log/httpd/helloapp-access.log common

>     Header                always set Strict-Transport-Security "max-age=63072000;includeSubdomains;preload"

Reviewer: I'd prefer deferring to the backend app to add HSTS header.

    SSLEngine             on

>     SSLProtocol           all -SSLv3 -TLSv1 -TLSv1.1 -TLSv1.2

Reviewer: It's premature to recommend turning off TLS 1.2

Reviewer 3: Very premature. Can't do this.

Author: I'll do some more work to it then. The automatic cipher support is for 1.3 AFAICT. When supporting 1.2, we'll need to keep the ciphers here. I'll work a bit further with the updates here Tuesday morning.

    SSLHonorCipherOrder   off
    SSLCompression        off

>     SSLSessionTickets     off

Reviewer: Any reason this is off? TLS session resumption saves a fair bit of CPU.

Author: This was produced by the mozilla configuration generator. I can switch it 'on'.

    SSLUseStapling        On
    SSLStaplingCache      "shmcb:logs/ssl_stapling(32768)"

>     SSLCertificateFile    /etc/pki/tls/certs/localhost.crt

Reviewer: Doesn't your cert have to support OCSP stapling? I'd be vary of suggesting of everyone turning it on.

Reviewer 3: Yes, so it's not something that should be generally enabled.

Author: This was suggested by the mozilla config tool, and it might be a 1.3 thing (i.e., does 1.3 support it by default? idk ... I'll check). I'll study and work with this further on Tuesday morning.
